listen we watch a lot of movies over
here on LME so it's easy to catch a lot
of the same stories a lot of
similarities but my cartoons self-doubt
for a good two months at these two or
this same day a movie turns out that
one's the story of an outcast kid who
rescues a dog in the middle of nowhere
while the other is about an outcast kid
who rescues a dog in the middle of
nowhere but it's a robot I'll give this
one a streamit while the other one
earned its junior price mainly because
of the IMAX even though both stories are
very forgettable
let me explain starting off with Axl it
says 4 attack explorations logistics and
it's pretty much this program where
they've created these robotic Alexa dogs
that I guess do what Jimmy neutrons dog
was supposed to do what escapes and runs
into Taylor Kitsch 2.0 who's pretty much
reliving that Disney Channel original
movie Florida cross except nobody likes
some and like an alpha he runs into the
dog in the middle of nowhere it attacks
some dog gets her and befriends it and
then he introduces it to his friend
Carly great problem is that the
government is also looking for this dog
so were his bullies and I don't know
about you guys though when I used to go
to parties I was just happy they were
serving chips motocross kids got hot
damn flamethrowers one of them actually
tries to burn Axl so the dog turns into
Cujo and takes him out opps then come in
so Axl commit suicide to Black Hawk Down
that copter tech Creator gets arrested
Axl magically lives on in an OS thumb
drive and the end the movie on a sequel
cliffhanger even even though no one's
gonna watch this like it's gonna end up
in the Walmart parking
now I thought this had some of the best
3d I've seen in a long time I don't even
like seeing movies in 3d they always
give me a headache or the screen is too
dark but this one actually worked story
is pretty much the revenant meets this
movie I literally just explained but it
looked and sounded really cool in IMAX
and now that it's not in IMAX I don't
know the point Jodee smit-mcphee
previously appropriated blue people and
since you know there's no indigenous
actors that exist at all my man stepped
up to the plate and got this role home
he's got the ugg boots on everyone in
the movie is speaking in a different
language to make it authentic turns out
it was actually really authentic but the
problem is that even though he's the
tribe leaders son kids worse than the
good dinosaur when it comes to the
basics right he ends up getting lost and
the whole movie is him trying to survive
in his own when he runs into a dog in
the middle of nowhere it attacks him dog
gets her and he befriends it the rest of
it is just him needing Carmack's as they
barely make it back to the village when
it's revealed that alpha was actually
pregnant the whole time and she gives
birth and for some reason some lady in
my theater actually thought it was the
boys and because of that I had to make
this video because that was the hot damn
funniest thing I've heard all year thank
you guys for checking out this video
super quick when I promise I'll make it
up by uploading a couple more in one day
but axel I'm telling you this
forgettable as it can be alpha didn't do
anything crazy that was new but it did
look really cool in IMAX if you can't
see it in IMAX I don't get the point of
it you know like it was all about the
sound design and how it looked in 3d
which you know if I'm saying something
looks good in 3d then you know it must
be fantastic but I know some people hate
that movie because of the PETA thing
that went on but I mean sure his making
any more money
I'm here to know your thoughts down
below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you an ultra HD of Mordor
crossed